Life is what happens to you while you’re working for your future. - Anonymous
I love my past. I love my present. I’m not ashamed of what I’ve had, and I’m not sad because I have it no longer. - Anonymous
Love the moment. Flowers grow out of dark moments. Therefore, each moment is vital. It affects the whole. Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed. - Anonymous
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained. - Mark Twain
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. - Truman Capote
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. - Ashley Smith
All the worlds a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. - Sean OCasey
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win youre still a rat. - Lilly Tomlin
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. - Danny Kaye
Live every day to the fullest. When going to the bathroom take a newspaper! - Anonymous
Drinking is not a solution, unless we are talking about alcohol. - Anonymous
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. - Christopher Isherwood
Life is like a cobweb, not an organization chart. - Ross Perot
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have. - Anonymous
And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. - Anonymous
Our lives are like a candle in the wind. - Anonymous
Life is like an onion: You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep. - Anonymous
Life without love is like a tree without blossom and fruit. - Anonymous
In life, its not who you know thats important, its how your wife found out. - Joey Adams
Life is a long process of getting tired. - Samuel Butler
When somebody tells you nothing is impossible, ask him to dribble a football. - Anonymous
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live. - Anonymous
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. - Bill Watterson (Calvin and Hobbes)
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim. - Bertrand Russell
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough. - Anonymous
Life isn’t worth living unless you’re willing to take some big chances and go for broke. - Anonymous
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. - Anonymous
Life is like a hot bath. It feels good while you’re in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get. - Anonymous
After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say - I want to see the manager. - William S. Burroughs
Nothing matters very much, and very few things matter at all. - Arthur Balfour
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. - Bill Watterson
Life is just one damned thing after another. - Elbert Hubbard
Man who waits for roast duck to fly into mouth must wait very, very long time. - Anonymous
Our own life is the instrument with which we experiment with the truth. - Anonymous
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Anonymous
There is only one success-to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Anonymous
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious. - Brendan Gill
Life is like a game of poker: If you dont put any in the pot, there wont be any to take out. - Moms Mabley
Love doesn’t make the world go ’round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Anonymous
Life resembles a novel more often than novels resemble life. - Anonymous
Life is just a mirror, and what you see out there, you must first see inside of you. - Anonymous
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. - Oscar Wilde
Lifes not always fair. Sometimes you can get a splinter even sliding down a rainbow. - Cherralea Morgen
We are born wet, naked, and hungry. Then things get worse. - Anonymous
Life is rather like a tin of sardines - were all of us looking for the key. - Alan Bennett
Rules are for fools and fools are for rules!” -Sarah Blackwood
I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me.” - Dudley Field Malone
If the facts don’t fit the theory, change the facts. - Albert Einstein
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. - Sun-Tzu
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. - Benjamin Franklin
If there’s only one answer, then this must not be a very interesting topic. -Ron Jeffries.
I pick my favorite quotations and store them in my mind as ready armor, offensive or defensive, amid the struggle of this turbulent existence. -Robert Burns.
You can do anything, not everything. -David Allen
When hungry, eat your rice; when tired, close your eyes. Fools may laugh at me, but wise men will know what I mean. —Lin-Chi
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking. —Albert Einstein
I’d rather live with a good question than a bad answer. —Aryeh Frimer
In the end, it’s not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away - shing xiong
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age. - Victor Hugo
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. - Leonardo da Vinci
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
Jenny: Do you ever dream, Forrest, about who you’re gonna be?  Forrest Gump: Who I’m gonna be?  Jenny: Yeah.  Forrest Gump: Aren’t-aren’t I going to be me? -Forest Gump
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. - Abraham Lincoln
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace. -Jimi Hendrix
The man who works for nothing will never be out of work -unknow
The important thing is never to stop questioning. -Albert Einstein
God does not play dice -Albert Einstein
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” - Les Brown
A goal is a dream with a deadline.” - Napoleon Hill
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” - Colin R. Davis
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.” - Mark Twain
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.” - Stephen R. Covey
Anyone can do something when they want to do it. Really successful people do things when they don’t want to do it.” - Dr. Phil
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on.” - Robert Frost
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune.” - Henry David Thoreau
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing - that’s why we recommend it daily.” - Zig Ziglar
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.” - W. Clement Stone
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.” - Mark Twain
The quality of a person’s life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.” -Vince Lombardi
In any situation, the best thing you can do is the right thing; the next best thing you can do is the wrong thing; the worst thing you can do is nothing.” - Theodore Roosevelt
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self control — these three alone lead to power.” - Alfred, Lord Tennyson
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” - Thomas Jefferson
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.” - Thomas Edison
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.” - Bill Cosby
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” - Steve Jobs
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.” - Carl Bard
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.” - Samuel Johnson
Every artist was first an amateur.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” - Milton Berle
The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.” - Lucille Ball
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.” - Henry Ford
We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.” - George Bernard Shaw
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.” - Mark Twain
No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.” - Henry David Thoreau
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age.” - Victor Hugo
The old believe everything: the middle-aged suspect everything: the young know everything.” - Oscar Wilde
Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.” - Benjamin Franklin
Middle age is when you’re sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn’t for you.” - Ogden Nash
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.” - Bob Hope
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
In times of great stress or adversity, it’s always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.” - Lee Iacocca
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.” - Maya Angelou
He who angers you conquers you.” - Elizabeth Kenny
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.” - Mohandas Gandhi
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear.” - Mark Twain
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.” - William Congreve
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.” - Buddha
Anyone can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person at the right time and for the right purpose and in the right way - that is not within everyone’s power and that is not easy.” - Aristotle
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words.” - Dr. Joyce Brothers
Beauty, without expression, tires.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.” - Leo Tolstoy
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” - Margaret Hungerford
I’m tired of all the nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep. That’s deep enough. What do you want - an adorable pancreas?” - Jean Kerr
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.” - Confucius
Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty - they merely move it from their faces into their hearts.” - Martin Buxbaum
It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty.” - Leo Tolstoy
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.” - Dorothy Parker
You are not special. You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake. You are the same decaying organic matter as everything else.” - Chuck Palahniuk
Beauty is whatever gives joy.” - Edna St. Vincent Millay
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.” - Henry Ford
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.” - Robert Frost
Never burn bridges. Today’s junior jerk, tomorrow’s senior partner.” - Sigourney Weaver
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.” - Aristotle Onassis
It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business.” - Mahatma Gandhi
If your business keeps you so busy that you have no time for anything else, there must be something wrong either with you or with your business.” - William J. H. Boetcker
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.” - Kahlil Gibran
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.” - Henry Kravis
Good products can be sold by honest advertising. If you don’t think the product is good, you have no business to be advertising it.” - David Ogilvy
Drive your business. Let not your business drive you.” - Benjamin Franklin
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” - Gandhi
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - Oprah Winfrey
The only thing constant in life is change.” - Francois de la Rochefoucauld
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.” - Harold Wilson
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” - George Bernard Shaw
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you’ll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.” - Jacob M. Braude
No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.” - Charles Darwin
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.” - Confucius
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.” - Denis Waitley
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up ’cause they’re looking for ideas.” - Paula Poundstone
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.” - James Baldwin
Don’t handicap your children by making their lives easy.” - Robert A. Heinlein
There’s nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child.” - Frank A. Clark
Pretty much all the honest truth telling in the world is done by children.” - Oliver Wendell Holmes
We worry about what a child will be tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.” - Stacia Tauscher
We cannot always build the future of our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.” - Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Children are our most valuable resource.” - Herbert Hoover
Never underestimate a child’s ability to get into more trouble.” - Martin Mull
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.” - Phyllis Diller
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.” - E.E. Cummings
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.” - Winston Churchill
Courage is grace under pressure.” - Ernest Hemingway
Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.” - John Wayne
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.” - Mark Twain
Courage is not the absence of fear but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.” - Ambrose Redmoon
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.” - Bruce Lee
Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It’s courage that counts.” - John Wooden
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says ‘I’ll try again tomorrow.’” - Mary Anne Radmacher
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.” - Confucius
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.” - Benjamin Franklin
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.” - Buddha
Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life.” - Albert Einstein
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.” - Mark Twain
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn’t get worse every time Congress meets.” - Will Rogers
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.” - Leonardo da Vinci
The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?” - Edgar Allan Poe
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.” - Mark Twain
No one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.” - Plato
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.” - Aristotle
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don’t.” - Pete Seeger
The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing.” - Socrates
 To repeat what others have said requires education. To challenge it requires brains.” - Marry Pettibone Poole
It is possible to store the mind with a million facts and still be entirely uneducated.” - Alec Bourne
Life is not divided into semesters. You don’t get summers off and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself.” - Charles J. Sykes (although often attributed to Bill Gates as a result of a viral email)
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.” - Albert Einstein
Education is like a double-edged sword. It may be turned to dangerous uses if it is not properly handled.” - Wu Ting-Fang
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil.” - Plato
Education’s purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.” - Malcolm Forbes
The only stable state is the one in which all men are equal before the law.” - Aristotle
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions. It only guarantees equality of opportunity.” - Irving Kristol
As many political writers have pointed out, commitment to political equality is not an empirical claim that people are clones.” - Steven Pinker
All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.” - George Orwell
I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers.” - Mohandas Gandhi
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.” - Albert Einstein
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you’re a man, you take it.” - Malcolm X
The sole equality on earth is death.” - Philip James Bailey
To live anywhere in the world today and be against equality because of race or color is like living in Alaska and being against snow.” - William Faulkner
Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality.” - Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works is the family.” - Lee Iacocca
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.” - George Burns
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.” - George Bernard Shaw
You know the only people who are always sure about the proper way to raise children? Those who’ve never had any.” - Bill Cosby
Family isn’t about whose blood you have. It’s about who you care about.” - Trey Parker and Matt Stone
All happy families resemble one another. Each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.” - Leo Tolstoy
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.” - Jane Howard
You don’t choose your family. They are God’s gift to you, as you are to them.” - Desmond Tutu
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.” - Pope John Paul II
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.” - George Bernard Shaw
Don’t walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don’t walk behind me, I may not lead. Walk beside me and be my friend.” - Albert Camus
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends.” - Aristotle
Your friend is the man who knows all about you and still likes you.” - Elbert Hubbard
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.” - Dale Carnegie
True friends stab you in the front.” - Oscar Wilde
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.” - Helen Keller
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.” - Abraham Lincoln
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art… It has no survival value. Rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.” - C. S. Lewis
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven’t yet met.” - William Butler Yeats
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.” - George Eliot
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.” - Abraham Lincoln
Happiness is a butterfly which, when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.” - Nathaniel Hawthorne
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer somebody else up.” - Mark Twain
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” - Thomas Jefferson
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.” - Dalai Lama
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.” - Robert Frost
Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.” - Storm Jameson
The U.S. Constitution doesn’t guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. You have to catch up with it yourself.” - Benjamin Franklin
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.” - Albert Schweitzer
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” - Oscar Wilde
There’s so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?” - Dick Cavett
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself. After all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century.” - Dame Edna Everage
That is the saving grace of humor. If you fail no one is laughing at you.” - A. Whitney Brown
Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not; and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.” - Christopher Morely
Life is tough, and if you have the ability to laugh at it you have the ability to enjoy it.” - Salma Hayek
The best jokes are dangerous, and dangerous because they are in some way truthful.” - Kurt Vonnegut
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.” - E.B. White
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance.” - W. Somerset Maugham
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.” - Frank Howard Clark
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.” - Aristotle
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.” - Robert Heinlein
Love is friendship, set on fire.” - Jeremy Taylor
Love doesn’t make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.” - Elizabeth Browning
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
 Love is, above all else, the gift of oneself.” - Jean Anouilh
 Love at first sight is easy to understand; it’s when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.” - Amy Bloom
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.” - Mark Twain
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.” - Lord Byron
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.” - Maya Angelou
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman’s birthday but never remembers her age.” - Robert Frost
Women marry men hoping they will change. Men marry women hoping they will not. So each is inevitably disappointed.” - Albert Einstein
Men are what their mothers made them.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Male and female represent the two sides of the great radical dualism. But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another. Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid. There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman.” - Margaret Fuller
If women are expected to do the same work as men, we must teach them the same things.” - Plato
For most of history, ‘Anonymous’ was a woman.” - Virginia Woolf
Women are made to be loved, not understood.” - Oscar Wilde
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.” - Will Rogers
Women don’t want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think - in a deeper voice.” - Bill Cosby
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.” - Timothy Leary
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.” - Mark Twain
I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful.” - Warren Buffet
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.” - Robert Frost
Money won’t create success. The freedom to make it will.” - Nelson Mandela
Money isn’t the most important thing in life, but it’s reasonably close to oxygen on the ‘gotta have it’ scale.” - Zig Ziglar
Time is money.” - Benjamin Franklin
If you’re given a choice between money and sex appeal, take the money. As you get older, the money will become your sex appeal.” - Katherine Hepburn
It is the wretchedness of being rich that you have to live with rich people.” - Logan Pearsall Smith
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.” - Edith Wharton
I think that much of the advice given to young men about saving money is wrong. I never saved a cent until I was forty years old. I invested in myself - in study, in mastering my tools, in preparation. Many a man who is putting a few dollars a week into the bank would do much better to put it into himself.” - Henry Ford
This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country.” - Clint Eastwood
All of life’s riddles are answered in the movies.” - Steve Martin
A good film script should be able to do completely without dialogue.” - David Mamet
Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award.” - Billy Wilder
The best reason to make a film is that you feel passionately about it.” - Jodie Foster
A film has its own life and takes its own time.” - Aaron Eckhart
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood.” - Walt Disney
The average Hollywood film star’s ambition is to be admired by an American, courted by an Italian, married to an Englishman, and have a French boyfriend.” - Katharine Hepburn
In the theater, you go from point A to point Z, building your performance as the evening progresses. You have to relinquish that control on a film.” - Gwyneth Paltrow
Every great film should seem new every time you see it.” - Roger Ebert
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings.” - Ed Gardner
Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.” - Robert Fripp
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.” - Plato
Life is one grand, sweet song so start the music.” - Ronald Reagan
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.” - Bill Cosby
 Of all noises, I think music is the least disagreeable.” - Samuel Johnson
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.” - Lao Tzu
I don’t know anything about music. In my line you don’t have to.” - Elvis Presley
Music is a safe kind of high.” - Jimi Hendrix
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.” - Victor Hugo
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there’d be peace.” - John Lennon
Peace begins with a smile.” - Mother Teresa
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.” - Albert Einstein
Peace is its own reward.” - Mohandas Gandhi
If you want to make peace, you don’t talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.” - Moshe Dayan
The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.” - Jawaharlal Nehru
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.” - George Carlin
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.” - Dalai Lama
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.” - Buddha
It isn’t enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn’t enough to believe in it. One must work at it.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.” - Plato
Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mix with it.” - Thomas Jefferson
I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.” - Charles De Gaulle
Being in politics is like being a football coach. You have to be smart enough to understand the game, and dumb enough to think it’s important.” - Eugene McCarthy
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year and to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn’t happen.” - Winston Churchill
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.” - H.L. Mencken
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. My sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history, naval architecture, navigation, commerce and agriculture in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry, and porcelain.” - John Adams
Politics have no relation to morals.” - Niccolo Machiavelli
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.” - John Kenneth Galbraith
It has been said that politics is the second oldest profession. I have learned that it bears a striking resemblance to the first.” - Ronald Reagan
Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination.” - Bertrand Russell
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.” - George Bernard Shaw
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.” - Charles Darwin
There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.” - Hippocrates
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.” - Isaac Asimov
The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.” - Sir William Bragg
New discoveries in science will continue to create a thousand new frontiers for those who still would adventure.” - Herbert Hoover
However far modern science and techniques have fallen short of their inherent possibilities, they have taught mankind at least one lesson; nothing is impossible.” - Lewis Mumford
I am among those who think that science has great beauty. A scientist in his laboratory is not only a technician: he is also a child placed before natural phenomena which impress him like a fairy tale.” - Marie Curie
Science is simply common sense at its best. That is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.” - Thomas Huxley
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.” - Heywood Broun
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.” - George Orwell
We didn’t lose the game; we just ran out of time.” - Vince Lombardi
I went to a fight last night and a hockey game broke out.” - Rodney Dangerfield
Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence.” - George F. Will
You can’t win unless you learn how to lose.” - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince Lombardi
Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.” - Anthony Starr
The difference between the old ballplayer and the new ballplayer is the jersey. The old ballplayer cared about the name on the front. The new ballplayer cares about the name on the back.” - Steve Garvey
The breakfast of champions is not cereal, it’s the opposition.” - Nick Seitz
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.” - Bill Cosby
Eighty percent of success is showing up.” - Woody Allen
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.” - Benjamin Franklin
You can do anything, but not everything.” - David Allen
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.” - Aristotle
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.” - Sven Goran Eriksson
Opportunity is missed by most people, because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” - Thomas Edison
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” - Maya Angelou
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.” - Albert Einstein
May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won’t.” - George Patton
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.” - Jeannette Rankin
There never was a good war or a bad peace.” - Benjamin Franklin
What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the homeless whether the mad destruction is brought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty and democracy?” - Mahatma Gandhi
There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs.” - Dwight Eisenhower
It is well that war is so terrible - otherwise we would grow too fond of it.” - Robert E. Lee
War is a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.” - Thomas Mann
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn’t every war fought between men, between brothers?” - Victor Hugo
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.” - George Washington
That which doesn’t kill us makes us stronger.” - Friedrich Nietzche
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.” - Henry Ford
If you don’t make mistakes, you’re not working on hard enough problems.” - Frank Wilczek
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.” - Benjamin Franklin
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.” - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.” - William Arthur Ward
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” - Thomas Edison
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I’ll defend to the death your right to say it.” - Voltaire
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time. But you cannot fool all of the people all of the time.” - Abraham Lincoln
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. - H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. - Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
The fundamental cause of trouble in the world is that the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt. - Bertrand Russell (1872-1970)
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake. - Chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956)
Don't be so humble - you are not that great. - Golda Meir (1898-1978) to a visiting diplomat
His ignorance is encyclopedic - Abba Eban (1915-2002)
If a man does his best, what else is there? - General George S. Patton (1885-1945)
Political correctness is tyranny with manners. - Charlton Heston (1924-2008)
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. - Ayn Rand (1905-1982)
When one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity; when many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion. - Robert Pirsig (1948-)
Sex and religion are closer to each other than either might prefer. - Saint Thomas More (1478-1535)
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better. - A. J. Liebling (1904-1963)
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid. - Soren Aabye Kierkegaard (1813-1855)
Give me chastity and continence, but not yet. - Saint Augustine (354-430)
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
You may not be interested in war, but war is interested in you. - Leon Trotsky (1879-1940)
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use. - Galileo Galilei (1564-1642)
We are all atheists about most of the gods humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further. - Richard Dawkins (1941-)
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. - Emile Zola (1840-1902)
This book fills a much-needed gap. - Moses Hadas (1900-1966) in a review
The full use of your powers along lines of excellence. - definition of happiness by John F. Kennedy (1917-1963)
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. - e e cummings (1894-1962)
Give me a museum and I'll fill it. - Pablo Picasso (1881-1973)
Assassins! - Arturo Toscanini (1867-1957) to his orchestra
I'll moider da bum. - Heavyweight boxer Tony Galento, when asked what he thought of William Shakespeare
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But in practice, there is. - Yogi Berra
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826)
Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems. - Rene Descartes (1596-1650), Discours de la Methode
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr. (1929-1968)
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right. - Henry Ford (1863-1947)
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'. - Yoda ('The Empire Strikes Back')
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed. - George Burns (1896-1996)
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves. - Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951)
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. - Martin Luther King Jr. (1929-1968)
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense. - Edsgar Dijkstra (1930-2002)
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg. - Bjarne Stroustrup
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems. - Paul Erdos (1913-1996)
Problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back. - Paul Erdos (1913-1996)
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. - Thomas Henry Huxley (1825-1895)
Dancing is silent poetry. - Simonides (556-468bc)
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. - Salvador Dali (1904-1989)
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance. - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
But at my back I always hear Time's winged chariot hurrying near. - Andrew Marvell (1621-1678)
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws. - Plato (427-347 B.C.)
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it. - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn. - Arnold Schwarzenegger (1947-)
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain. - Friedrich von Schiller (1759-1805)
We have art to save ourselves from the truth. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. - Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it. - John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) when asked what is his favorite song
I have nothing to declare except my genius. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) upon arriving at U.S. customs 1882
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe. - H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must. - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873)
The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'. - unknown
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship. - Sharon Stone
If you are going through hell, keep going. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene
He who has a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Many wealthy people are little more than janitors of their possessions. - Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters. - Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh. - Voltaire (1694-1778)
He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death. - H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916)
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. - Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964)
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. - J. Paul Getty (1892-1976)
Facts are the enemy of truth. - Don Quixote - Man of La Mancha
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world. - George Washington Carver (1864-1943)
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself. - Anais Nin (1903-1977)
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Alva Edison (1847-1931)
I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right. - Frederick (II) the Great
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell. - Aldous Huxley (1894-1963)
Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact. - George Eliot (1819-1880)
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. - Sherlock Holmes (by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, 1859-1930)
Black holes are where God divided by zero. - Steven Wright
I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. - Groucho Marx (1895-1977)
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. - Walt Disney (1901-1966)
We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time. - Vince Lombardi
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true. - James Branch Cabell
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. - John D. Rockefeller (1874-1960)
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher. - Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it. - Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)
An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered. - Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth. - Umberto Eco
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down. - Jimmy Durante
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. - Samuel Johnson (1709-1784)
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight D. Eisenhower (1890-1969), Inaugural Address, January 20, 1953
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Basically, I no longer work for anything but the sensation I have while working. - Albert Giacometti (sculptor)
There's a limit to how many times you can read how great you are and what an inspiration you are, but I'm not there yet. - Randy Pausch (1960-2008)
It is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring. - Carl Sagan (1934-1996)
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident. - Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860)
Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. - Elbert Hubbard (1856-1915)
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life. - Frank Zappa
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. - Antoine de Saint Exupery
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. - Isaac Asimov
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. - Carl Sagan (1934-1996)
It is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have one's doubts. - G. B. Burgin
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action. - Auric Goldfinger, in Goldfinger by Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964)
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. - Jimi Hendrix
A clever man commits no minor blunders. - Goethe (1749-1832)
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. - Richard Bach
A witty saying proves nothing. - Voltaire (1694-1778)
Sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera. - James Stephens (1882-1950)
The nice thing about being a celebrity is that if you bore people they think it's their fault. - Henry Kissinger (1923-)
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. - Will Durant
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. - Xenocrates (396-314 B.C.)
It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. - Mario Andretti
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure -- that is all that agnosticism means. - Clarence Darrow, Scopes trial, 1925.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford (1863-1947)
I'll sleep when I'm dead. - Warren Zevon (1947-2003)
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread. - Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, they finish by loading honors on your head. - Jean Cocteau (1889-1963)
Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together. - Georg Lichtenberg (1742-1799)
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it - Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
While we are postponing, life speeds by. - Seneca (3BC - 65AD)
Where are we going, and why am I in this handbasket? - Bumper Sticker
God, please save me from your followers! - Bumper Sticker
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, and scratch where it itches. - the Duchess of Windsor, when asked what is the secret of a long and happy life
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. - Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
Luck is the residue of design. - Branch Rickey - former owner of the Brooklyn Dodger Baseball Team
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die. - Mel Brooks
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so. - Bertrand Russell (1872-1970)
Wit is educated insolence. - Aristotle (384-322 B.C.)
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. - Socrates (470-399 B.C.)
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't - Erica Jong (1942-)
Show me a woman who doesn't feel guilty and I'll show you a man. - Erica Jong (1942-)
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya Angelou (1928-)
Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me. - Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are. - Gore Vidal
Wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them. - Samuel Palmer (1805-80)
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. - Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975)
Sometimes when reading Goethe I have the paralyzing suspicion that he is trying to be funny. - Guy Davenport
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
Any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has no heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth. - Niels Bohr (1885-1962)
We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough? - Niels Bohr (1885-1962)
When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. - Buckminster Fuller (1895-1983)
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite. - Paul Dirac (1902-1984)
I would have made a good Pope. - Richard M. Nixon (1913-1994)
In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience. - W.B. Prescott
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin. - John von Neumann (1903-1957)
The mistakes are all waiting to be made. - chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956) on the game's opening position
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. - Aristotle (384-322 B.C.)
Grove giveth and Gates taketh away. - Bob Metcalfe (inventor of Ethernet) on the trend of hardware speedups not being able to keep up with software demands
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important. - Bertrand Russell (1872-1970)
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation. - H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916)
There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult. - C. A. R. Hoare
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
What do you take me for, an idiot? - General Charles de Gaulle (1890-1970), when a journalist asked him if he was happy
I heard someone tried the monkeys-on-typewriters bit trying for the plays of W. Shakespeare, but all they got was the collected works of Francis Bacon. - Bill Hirst
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. - Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines. - Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid. - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me. - Alice Roosevelt Longworth (1884-1980)
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. - John F. Kennedy (1917-1963)
Logic is in the eye of the logician. - Gloria Steinem
No one can earn a million dollars honestly. - William Jennings Bryan (1860-1925)
Everything has been figured out, except how to live. - Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. - Martin Fraquhar Tupper
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book - I'll waste no time reading it. - Moses Hadas (1900-1966)
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it. - Groucho Marx (1895-1977)
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
When ideas fail, words come in very handy. - Goethe (1749-1832)
In the end, everything is a gag. - Charlie Chaplin (1889-1977)
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people. - Lucille S. Harper
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. - Yogi Berra
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known. - Walt Disney (1901-1966)
He who hesitates is a damned fool. - Mae West (1892-1980)
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater. - Gail Godwin
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small. - Henry Kissinger (1923-)
The graveyards are full of indispensable men. - Charles de Gaulle (1890-1970)
You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty. - Sacha Guitry (1885-1957)
Behind every great fortune there is a crime. - Honore de Balzac (1799-1850)
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. - Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975)
I am not young enough to know everything. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - General George Patton (1885-1945)
Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis. - Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking. - Katherine Cebrian
I have an existential map; it has 'you are here' written all over it. - Steven Wright
Mr. Wagner has beautiful moments but bad quarters of an hour. - Gioacchino Rossini (1792-1868)
Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure. - Oliver Herford (1863-1935)
I have read your book and much like it. - Moses Hadas (1900-1966)
The covers of this book are too far apart. - Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. - Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964)
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end. - Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971)
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung. - Voltaire (1694-1778)
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before. - Mae West (1892-1980)
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. - Elvis Presley (1935-1977)
No Sane man will dance. - Cicero (106-43 B.C.)
Hell is a half-filled auditorium. - Robert Frost (1874-1963)
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you. - Carl Gustav Jung (1875-1961)
Vote early and vote often. - Al Capone (1899-1947)
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one? - Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865)
Few things are harder to put up with than a good example. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
Hell is other people. - Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. - Robert J. Oppenheimer (1904-1967) (citing from the Bhagavad Gita, after witnessing the world's first nuclear explosion)
Happiness is good health and a bad memory. - Ingrid Bergman (1917-1982)
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate. - Thomas Jones
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. - Al Capone (1899-1947)
The gods too are fond of a joke. - Aristotle (384-322 B.C.)
Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes. - Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting. - Gloria Leonard
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man. - Professor Scott Elledge on his retirement from Cornell
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work. - Robert Orben
The cynics are right nine times out of ten. - Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
There are some experiences in life which should not be demanded twice from any man, and one of them is listening to the Brahms Requiem. - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. - Revelation 6:8
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance. - Plato (427-347 B.C.)
Plato was a bore. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. - Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910)
I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy. - Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961)
Hemingway was a jerk. - Harold Robbins
Men are not disturbed by things, but the view they take of things. - Epictetus (55-135 A.D.)
What about things like bullets? - Herb Kimmel, Behavioralist, Professor of Psychology, upon hearing the above quote (1981)
How can I lose to such an idiot? - A shout from chessmaster Aaron Nimzovich (1886-1935)
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. - Woody Allen (1935-)
I don't feel good. - The last words of Luther Burbank (1849-1926)
Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. - Ross MacDonald (1915-1983)
Men have become the tools of their tools. - Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant. - Richard J. Ferris, president of United Airlines
I never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television. - Gore Vidal
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying. - Woody Allen (1935-)
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives. - Abba Eban (1915-2002)
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually. - Abba Eban (1915-2002)
To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me. - Charles William Stubbs
Sanity is a madness put to good uses. - George Santayana (1863-1952)
Imitation is the sincerest form of television. - Fred Allen (1894-1956)
Always do right- this will gratify some and astonish the rest. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take. - Adlai Stevenson (1900-1965)
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research. - Wilson Mizner (1876-1933)
Why don't you write books people can read? - Nora Joyce to her husband James (1882-1941)
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. - T. S. Eliot (1888-1965)
Criticism is prejudice made plausible. - Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
It is better to be quotable than to be honest. - Tom Stoppard
Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting. - Karl Wallenda
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar. - Lao-Tzu (570?-490? BC)
 The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Never mistake motion for action. - Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961)
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours. - Sir Stephen Henry Roberts (1901-1971)
Hell is paved with good samaritans. - William M. Holden
The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains that I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time. - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
Silence is argument carried out by other means. - ErnestoCheGuevara (1928-1967)
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790)
The average person thinks he isn't. - Father Larry Lorenzoni
Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd. - William Congreve (1670-1729)
A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted. - Helen Rowland (1876-1950)
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century. - Lewis Perelman
Dogma is the sacrifice of wisdom to consistency. - Lewis Perelman
Sometimes it is not enough that we do our best; we must do what is required. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready. - Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal. - Sigfried Hulzer
Ask her to wait a moment - I am almost done. - Carl Friedrich Gauss (1777-1855), while working, when informed that his wife is dying
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers. - Thomas Watson (1874-1956), Chairman of IBM, 1943
I think it would be a good idea. - Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of Western civilization
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke (1729-1797)
I'm not a member of any organized political party, I'm a Democrat! - Will Rogers (1879-1935)
If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?  - Will Rogers (1879-1935)
The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy. - Von Clausewitz (1780-1831)
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity. - Irving Kristol
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home. - Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp., 1977
The concept is interesting and well-formed, but in order to earn better than a 'C', the idea must be feasible. - A Yale University management professor in response to student Fred Smith's paper proposing reliable overnight delivery service (Smith went on to found Federal Express Corp.)
Who the hell wants to hear actors talk? - H. M. Warner (1881-1958), founder of Warner Brothers, in 1927
We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out. - Decca Recording Co. rejecting the Beatles, 1962
Everything that can be invented has been invented. - Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
A pint of sweat saves a gallon of blood. - General George S. Patton (1885-1945)
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one. - Cato the Elder (234-149 BC, AKA Marcus Porcius Cato)
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know. - Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865)
Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something. - last words of Pancho Villa (1877-1923)
The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. - Oliver Wendell Holmes (1841-1935)
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense. - Tom Clancy
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. - Niccolo Machiavelli (1469-1527), The Prince
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame. - Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790)
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep. - Clinton aide George Stephanopolous speaking on Larry King Live
We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees. - Jason Kidd, upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks
Half this game is ninety percent mental. - Yogi Berra
There is only one nature - the division into science and engineering is a human imposition, not a natural one. Indeed, the division is a human failure; it reflects our limited capacity to comprehend the whole. - Bill Wulf
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher. - Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964)
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
Write drunk; edit sober. - Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961)
I criticize by creation - not by finding fault. - Cicero (106-43 B.C.)
Love is friendship set on fire. - Jeremy Taylor
God gave men both a penis and a brain, but unfortunately not enough blood supply to run both at the same time. - Robin Williams, commenting on the Clinton/Lewinsky affair
My occupation now, I suppose, is jail inmate. - Unibomber Theodore Kaczynski, when asked in court what his current profession was
Woman was God's second mistake. - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
This isn't right, this isn't even wrong. - Wolfgang Pauli (1900-1958), upon reading a young physicist's paper
For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing. - Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
Pray, v.: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy. - Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies. - Voltaire (1694-1778) on his deathbed in response to a priest asking that he renounce Satan.
Fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run. - Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936)
He would make a lovely corpse. - Charles Dickens (1812-1870)
I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial. - Irvin S. Cobb
I worship the quicksand he walks in. - Art Buchwald
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
A poem is never finished, only abandoned. - Paul Valery (1871-1945)
We are not retreating - we are advancing in another Direction. - General Douglas MacArthur (1880-1964)
If you were plowing a field, which would you rather use? Two strong oxen or 1024 chickens? - Seymour Cray (1925-1996), father of supercomputing
#3 pencils and quadrille pads. - Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) when asked what CAD tools he used to design the Cray I supercomputer; he also recommended using the back side of the pages so that the grid lines were not so dominant.
Interesting - I use a Mac to help me design the next Cray. - Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) when he was told that Apple Inc. had recently bought a Cray supercomputer to help them design the next Mac.
Your Highness, I have no need of this hypothesis. - Pierre Laplace (1749-1827), to Napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of God.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need. - Francois-Auguste Rodin (1840-1917), when asked how he managed to make his remarkable statues
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
The truth is more important than the facts. - Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. - Wernher Von Braun (1912-1977)
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. - Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading. - B. F. Skinner
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you. - B. B. King
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear. James Neil Hollingworth
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. Mark Twain
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. -  Ferdinand Foch
He who is devoid of the power to forgive, is devoid of the power to love.  - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there. - Josh Billings
Whoever said anybody has a right to give up?  - Marian Wright Edelman
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved. - Ralph Waldo Emmerson
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. - Roger Staubach 
How long should you try? Until.  - Jim Rohn
Water continually dropping will wear hard rocks hollow. - Plutarch
What do we live for; if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?  - Mary Ann Evans
Men exist for the sake of one another. Teach them then or bear with them. - Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
It takes two wings to fly. - Eric Shuab
We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark. - Whoopi Goldberg
For happiness is anyone and anything at all that's loved by you. - Charlie Brown
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: What! You too? I thought I was the only one. - C.S. Lewis
Who, being loved, is poor? - Oscar Wilde
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place. - Zora Neale Hurst
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable. - Peter F. Drucker
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes. - Viktor Frankl
I will offer a choice, not an echo. - Barry M. Goldwater
Look at what you've got and make the best of it. It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. - Proverb
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. - Ralph Waldo Emmerson
The greatest power is often simple patience. - E. Joseph Cossman
Perhaps the most important thing we can undertake toward the reduction of fear is to make it easier for people to accept themselves, to like themselves. - Bonaro W. Overstreet
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. - Booker T. Washington
Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard. - Anne Sexton
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish. - Jean de La fontaine
The heart may be broken, and the soul remain unshaken. - Napoleon Bonaparte 
There are souls in this world which have the gift of finding joy everywhere and of leaving it behind them when they go. - Fredrick Faber
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito. - Unknown
Just go out there and do what you've got to do. - Martina Navratilova
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind. - Ralph Waldo Emmerson
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it. - David Star Jordan
In great matters men show themselves as they wish to be seen; in small matters, as they are. - Gamaliel Bradford
No man can tell whether he is rich or poor by turning to his ledger. It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. - Henry Ward Beecher
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor. - Andrew Carnegie
Better keep yourself clean and bright. You are the window through which you must see the world. - George Bernard Shaw
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. - Charles Swindoll
Live with intention. Walk to the edge. Listen hard. Practice wellness. Play with abandon. Laugh. Choose with no regret. Appreciate your friends. Continue to learn. Do what you love. Live as if this is all there is. - Mary Anne Radmacher
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
That which we persist in doing becomes easier, not that the task itself has become easier, but that our ability to perform it has improved. - Ralph Waldo Emmerson
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there's love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong. - Ella Jane Fitzgerald
Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate. - J.R.R. Tolkien
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength. - Saint Francis de Sales
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. - Thomas Paine
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. - Carlos Casteneda
Once you choose hope, anything's possible. - Christopher Reeve
Were it not for hope the heart would break. - Scottish Proverb
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up. - Anne Lamott
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips it's turn. - Hal Borland
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Open your heart - open it wide; someone is standing outside. - Mary Engelbreit
Strive to be first: first to nod, first to smile, first to compliment, and first to forgive. - Anonymous
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. - Thomas Jefferson
Work is either fun or drudgery. It depends on your attitude. I like fun. - Colleen C. Barrett
All the so-called secrets of success will not work unless you do. - Unknown
Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
There is nothing we like to see so much as the gleam of pleasure in a person's eye when he feels that we have sympathized with him, understood him. At these moments something fine and spiritual passes between two friends. These are the moments worth living. - Don Marquis
'Stay' is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary. - Louisa May Alcott
Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead. - Louisa May Alcott
We are all in the same boat in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty. - G. K. Chesterton
The best things in life are never rationed. Friendship, loyalty, love, do not require coupons. - George T. Hewitt
It is better to be faithful than famous. - Theodore Roosevelt
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority. - Ralph W. Sockman
To sit patiently with a yearning that has not yet been fulfilled, and to trust that, that fulfillment will come, is quite possibly one of the most powerful magic skills that human beings are capable of. It has been noted by almost every ancient wisdom tradition. - Elizabth Gilbert
Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string. - Ralph Waldo Emmerson 
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself. - Antoine de Sainte-Exupery
No one is more cherished in this world than someone who lightens the burden of another. - Unknown
It should be your care, therefore, and mine, to elevate the minds of our children and exalt their courage; to accelerate and animate their industry and activity; to excite in them an habitual contempt of meanness, abhorrence of injustice and inhumanity, and an ambition to excel in every capacity, faculty, and virtue. - John Adams
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless, that it doesn't have any resolution, that this heart is huge, vast, and limitless. You begin to discover how much warmth and gentleness is there, as well as how much space. - Pema Chodron
No one's head aches when he is comforting another. - Indian Proverb
The value of compassion cannot be over-emphasized. Anyone can criticize. It takes a true believer to be compassionate. No greater burden can be borne by an individual than to know no one cares or understands. - Arthur H. Stainback
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too. - Fredrick Buechner
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. - Pope John XXIII
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. - Ashley Smith
Appreciation...acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts. - Alan Cohen
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mohandas Karamachand Gandhi
The most basic of all human needs is the need to understand and be understood. The best way to understand people is to listen to them. - Ralph Nichols
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. - Frank Tyger
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. - Anatole France 
Dreams come in a size too big so that we may grow into them. - Josie Bisset
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. - Anaïs Nin
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again. - Flavia Weedn 
Gracefulness has been defined to be the outward expression of the inward harmony of the soul. - William Hazlitt
Within sorrow is grace. When we come close to those things that break us down, we touch those things that also break us open. And in that breaking open, we uncover our true nature. - Wayne Muller
Peace does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble, or hard work. Peace means to be in the midst of all those things and still be calm in your heart. - Unknown 
When you have a sense of your own identity and a vision of where you want to go in your life, you then have the basis for reaching out to the world and going after your dreams for a better life. - Stedman Graham
By sharing something, I realized that I'm not alone, that there are a lot of people that share with me the same preoccupations, the same ideas, the same ideals, and the same quest for a meaning for this life. - Paulo Coelho
It's not enough to have lived. We should be determined to live for something. May I suggest that it be creating joy for others, sharing what we have for the betterment of personkind, bringing hope to the lost and love to the lonely. - Dr. Leo Buscaglia
There is something more - the spirit, or the soul. I think that that quality encourages our courtesy and care and our minds. And mercy, and identity. - Maya Angelou
All doors open to courtesy. - Dr. Thomas Fuller
I place a high moral value on the way people behave. I find it repellent to have a lot, and to behave with anything other than courtesy in the old sense of the word - politeness of the heart, a gentleness of the spirit. - Fran Lebowitz
Character is the total of thousands of small daily strivings to live up to the best that is in us. - A. G. Trudeau 
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity. - Keshavan Nair
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe. - Gail Devers 
Life means to have something definite to doa mission to fulfilledand in the measure in which we avoid setting our life to something, we make it empty. Human life, by its very nature, has to be dedicated to something. - Jose Ortega y Gasset
No steam or gas drives anything until it is confined. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined. - Harry Emerson Fosdick
Dedicate some of your life to others. Your dedication will not be a sacrifice. It will be an exhilarating experience because it is an intense effort applied toward a meaningful end. - Dr. Thomas Dooley 
Love yourself, accept yourself, forgive yourself, and be good to yourself, because without you the rest of us are without a source of many wonderful things. - Dr. Leo Buscaglia
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. - G. K. Chesterton 
When work, commitment, and pleasure all become one and you reach that deep well where passion lives, nothing is impossible. - Nancy Coey 
When you get in a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hold on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through. - Zig Ziglar
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. - Pamela Vaull Starr 
The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination. - Don Williams Jr. 
You are here for a purpose. There is no duplicate of you in the whole wide world. There never has been, there never will be. You were brought here now to fill a certain need. Take time to think that over. - Lou Austin 
Humility leads to strength and not to weakness. It is the highest form of self-respect to admit mistakes and to make amends for them. - John J. McCloy
I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize. The first is gentleness; the second frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others. Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men. - Laozi
Sense shines with a double luster when it is set in humility. An able and yet humble man is a jewel worth a kingdom. - William Penn 
Dream your dream. Follow your heart. Imagine. Listen to the wind. Drink sunsets. Be free. Let the wonder never cease. Believe. Wish on EVERY star. Create adventure. Be Kind. - Debbie Coulter
The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity. - Benjamin Franklin
Respect is love in plain clothes. - Frank Byrnes
Respect your fellow human being, treat them fairly, disagree with them honestly, enjoy their friendship, explore your thoughts about one another candidly, work together for a common goal and help one another achieve it. - Bill Bradley
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier. - Roy Disney 
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. - Babe Ruth
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen. - Ralph Marston 
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within. - Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. - Earl Gray Stevens 
Confidence...thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Laugh at yourself, but don't ever aim your doubt at yourself. Be bold. When you embark for strange places, don't leave any of yourself safely on shore. Have the nerve to go into unexplored territory. - Alan Alda 
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. - Laozi 
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you, never excuse yourself. - Henry Ward Beecher
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. - Les Brown 
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it. - Bill Cosby
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles. - Washington Irving
Our character...is an omen of our destiny, and the more integrity we have and keep, the simpler and nobler that destiny is likely to be. - George Santayana
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity. - W. Clement Stone 
Integrity is not a conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see a man who won't cheat, then you know he never will. - John D. MacDonald
Parents, teach your children to express themselves. Teach them to be in touch with their emotions, to speak honestly to people, and to maintain integrity and stick by their principles in all they do. This is perhaps the highest morality you can instill. - Jeffery Bryant 
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities; strong men make them. - Orison Swett Marden
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand. - Charles F. Kettering 
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change. - Earl Nightingale
Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human. - Anthony Robbins 
Start where you are. Distant fields always look greener, but opportunity lies right where you are. Take advantage of every opportunity of service. - Robert J. Collier
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua J. Marine
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering. - Ben Okri 
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value. I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection. - Thomas Paine
Be willing to have it so. Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune. - William James
If we study the lives of great men and women carefully and unemotionally we find that, invariably, greatness was developed, tested and revealed through the darker periods of their lives. One of the largest tributaries of the River of Greatness is always the Stream of Adversity. - Cavett Robert 
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey 
I do believe that when we face challenges in life that are far beyond our own power, it's an opportunity to build on our faith, inner strength, and courage. I've learned that how we face challenges plays a big role in the outcome of them. - Sasha Azevedo
Greatness lies, not in being strong, but in the right using of strength; and strength is not used rightly when it serves only to carry a man above his fellows for his own solitary glory. He is the greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own. - Henry Ward Beecher 
Hope is the dream of a soul awake. - French Proverb
When the world says, 'Give up,' hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.' - Unknown 
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. - Epictetus 
We are all functioning at a small fraction of our capacity to live life fully in its total meaning of loving, caring, creating, and adventuring. Consequently, the actualizing of our potential can become the most exciting adventure of our lifetime. - Herbert A. Otto 
You have the need and the right to spend part of your life caring for your soul. It is not easy...To be a soulful person means to go against all the pervasive, prove-yourself values of our culture and instead treasure what is unique and internal and valuable in yourself and your own personal evolution. - Jean Shinoda Bolen
Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. - Og Mandino 
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. - Napoleon Hill
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. - Swami Sivananda 
Some people grumble because roses have thorns; I am thankful that the thorns have roses. - Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr 
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others. - Sir Winston Churchill
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world. - John Milton
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. - Anaïs Nin
You have been my friend. That in itself is a tremendous thing... By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle. Heaven knows anyone's life can stand a little of that. - E. B. White 
Friendship doubles our joy and divides our grief. - Swedish Proverb 
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move. - Brian Tracy
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. - Bill Bradley
A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive. - Pearl Bailey 
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. - Oscar Wilde 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr. 
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle 
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. - Jim Morrison 
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. - Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein 
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, love like you'll never be hurt, sing like there's nobody listening, and live like it's heaven on earth. - William W. Purkey
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. - André Gide
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. - Albert Camus
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. - Elbert Hubbard
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. - Mark Twain
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A.A. Milne
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for. - Bob Marley
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate. - Linda Grayson
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature. - Jane Austen
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever. - Alfred Tennyson
A friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you have become, and still, gently allows you to grow. - William Shakespeare
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter. - Marlene Dietrich
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend. - Sarah Dessen
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth. - Jess C. Scott
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light. - Helen Keller
I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries. - French soldier (John Cleese) in Monty Python and the Holy Grail"
